# link eack file (not dir) to ease use e.g. with apt-file or dh-linktree
usr/share/nodejs/bootstrap/dist/css/bootstrap-grid.css usr/share/javascript/bootstrap4/css/bootstrap-grid.css
usr/share/nodejs/bootstrap/dist/css/bootstrap-grid.css.map usr/share/javascript/bootstrap4/css/bootstrap-grid.css.map
usr/share/nodejs/bootstrap/dist/css/bootstrap-grid.min.css usr/share/javascript/bootstrap4/css/bootstrap-grid.min.css
usr/share/nodejs/bootstrap/dist/css/bootstrap-grid.min.css.map usr/share/javascript/bootstrap4/css/bootstrap-grid.min.css.map
usr/share/nodejs/bootstrap/dist/css/bootstrap-reboot.css usr/share/javascript/bootstrap4/css/bootstrap-reboot.css
usr/share/nodejs/bootstrap/dist/css/bootstrap-reboot.css.map usr/share/javascript/bootstrap4/css/bootstrap-reboot.css.map
usr/share/nodejs/bootstrap/dist/css/bootstrap-reboot.min.css usr/share/javascript/bootstrap4/css/bootstrap-reboot.min.css
usr/share/nodejs/bootstrap/dist/css/bootstrap-reboot.min.css.map usr/share/javascript/bootstrap4/css/bootstrap-reboot.min.css.map
usr/share/nodejs/bootstrap/dist/css/bootstrap.css usr/share/javascript/bootstrap4/css/bootstrap.css
usr/share/nodejs/bootstrap/dist/css/bootstrap.css.map usr/share/javascript/bootstrap4/css/bootstrap.css.map
usr/share/nodejs/bootstrap/dist/css/bootstrap.min.css usr/share/javascript/bootstrap4/css/bootstrap.min.css
usr/share/nodejs/bootstrap/dist/css/bootstrap.min.css.map usr/share/javascript/bootstrap4/css/bootstrap.min.css.map
usr/share/nodejs/bootstrap/dist/js/bootstrap.bundle.js usr/share/javascript/bootstrap4/js/bootstrap.bundle.js
usr/share/nodejs/bootstrap/dist/js/bootstrap.bundle.js.map usr/share/javascript/bootstrap4/js/bootstrap.bundle.js.map
usr/share/nodejs/bootstrap/dist/js/bootstrap.bundle.min.js usr/share/javascript/bootstrap4/js/bootstrap.bundle.min.js
usr/share/nodejs/bootstrap/dist/js/bootstrap.bundle.min.js.map usr/share/javascript/bootstrap4/js/bootstrap.bundle.min.js.map
usr/share/nodejs/bootstrap/dist/js/bootstrap.js usr/share/javascript/bootstrap4/js/bootstrap.js
usr/share/nodejs/bootstrap/dist/js/bootstrap.js.map usr/share/javascript/bootstrap4/js/bootstrap.js.map
usr/share/nodejs/bootstrap/dist/js/bootstrap.min.js usr/share/javascript/bootstrap4/js/bootstrap.min.js
usr/share/nodejs/bootstrap/dist/js/bootstrap.min.js.map usr/share/javascript/bootstrap4/js/bootstrap.min.js.map
